# CS-360-ProjectThree

•	Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
This application had the requirements to allow an existing user to login and a new user to sign up. The user’s information is stored in a user database table. The user should see all warehouse items stored in an item database table after logging in. The user should then be able to increment, decrement, create, and delete a selected item. The user should be able to enable SMS notifications. 
•	What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
A login/ sign up screen allowed a user to gain access to the application. A display all screen would display all the items in the database. The user can update an existing item by selecting it. This would navigate the user to a display one screen. On the display all screen the user could click a FAB to easily navigate to the display one screen to add a new item. The notification screen has a switch indicating if the user has chosen to receive SMS notifications when an item’s quantity is equal to zero. The display all, display one, and notification screens have a bottom navigation menu to easily navigate between screens.
•	How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I began with the UI design and then created a scaffolding of TODO comments and pseudo code to support the UI’s functionality. I then compared the UI design and scaffolding to the user requirements to ensure every element was accounted for. Finally, I replaced the scaffolding with actual code and applied comments as I went. These techniques allowed me to stay focused on the software requirements and I will use them again in the future. 
•	How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
Every time I developed a small piece of code, I would run the emulator to ensure that the code was functional. There would be times were I found something else broke, or the code did not work as expected. Sense I was continually testing it was easy to find the bug in question.
•	Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
I found that I wanted to have the notification switch active if the user had selected it previously. I innovated by tracking the current user by passing the username between views in the intent. Then I would use the username to access the database and determine if the user has already chosen to be notified.
•	In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I was proud of successfully implementing a recycler view to display the warehouse items. I was also pleased with being able to populate fields on the current screen with information from the previous screen.
